Flight schedule parser (#165)
phoenix-pilot/phoenix-pilot-core: libs/parser/doc/api.md

Important is that `converter` have to copy values `hamp` because these string will be deallocated after parsing completion.

In case of an error during execution function should return a non-zero value. This stops parsing.

In case of successful execution, the converter should return zero.

## Example:

Assume that we want to define a new header, which in a file has such a syntax:

```
@NEW_HEADER
    int_field = 3
    float_field = 2.5
```

We want to parse such a header to this structure:

```c
typedef struct {
    int intValue;
    float floatValue;
} example_t;

```

Then a good converter can look like this:

```c
/* Global variable */
static example_t result;

void* converter(hamp_t* hmap) {
    char *intValue, *floatValue; 
    
    if (hmap->size > 2) {
        return -1;
    }

    intValue = hmap_get(hmap, "int_field");
    floatValue = hmap_get(hmap, "float_field");

    if (intValue == NULL || floatValue == NULL) {
        return -1;
    }

    result.intValue = atoi(intValue);
    result.floatValue = atof(floatValue)

    return 0;
}

> ```

Reviewer: Missing at the end:
`## See also:
- [Table of contents](README.md)`

# `parser_t` structure

> This is main the parser structure. It contains all the necessary data needed for parsing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- You should not modify anything in this structure by calling structure members. Everything should be done by functions from this library. 
- Getting an instance of this structure should be done by using `parser_alloc` function

## Example:

```c
parser_t* parser = parser_alloc(5);
```

## See also:
- [`parser_alloc`](#parser_alloc-function)

> - [Table of contents](README.md)

Reviewer: Remove it from the whole file

# `parser_alloc` function

```c
parser_t* parser_alloc(int maxHeadersNb, int maxFieldsNb)
```

This function allocates an instance of `parser_t` structure.

**Arguments:**

> - `maxHeadersNb` - maximum number of headers that can be specified in a parser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `maxHeadersNb` - maximum number of headers that can be declared in a parser
```

> - `maxFieldsNb` - maximum number of fields connected to one header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `maxFieldsNb` - maximum number of fields described by the header
```

> **Returns:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Return value:**
```

> - In case of a successful completion function returns a pointer to the correctly allocated `parser_t` structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On success, a pointer to the correctly allocated `parser_t` structure is returned.
```

> - In case of an error function returns `NULL`

Reviewer: Please update other functions in similar convention as well. Take a look how it is done in the other projects: https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/read.2.html

```suggestion
- On error, `NULL` is returned.
```

## Example:

```c
parser_t* parser = parser_alloc(5, 5);
```

## See also:
- [`parser_t`](#parser_t-structure)
- [Table of contents](README.md)

# `parser_free` function

```c
void parser_free(parser_t* p)
```

> Function deallocates `parser_t` structure allocated by `parser_alloc` function. If `parser` is equal to `NULL` function does nothing.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Function frees structure `p` allocated by the `parser_alloc` function. If `p` is equal to `NULL`, function does nothing.

```

**Arguments:**
- `p` - pointer to a structure, which should be deallocated.

## See also:
- [`parser_t`](#parser_t-structure)
- [`parser_alloc`](#parser_alloc-function)
- [Table of contents](README.md)

# `parser_headerAdd` function

```c
int parser_headerAdd(parser_t *p, const char *headerName, int (*converter)(hmap_t *))
```

> Function defines new header in parser `p`. After this function parser is able to recognize and parse a file, which contains such a header. It is possible to specify no more header than was specified while creating the parser object. Only one header with a certain name can be specified in the parser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Function defines a new header in parser `p`. Library can only parse headers declared via this function. Header names are unique within `p`.
```

```c
int parser_parse(parser_t *p, const char *path)
```
This function performs the parsing on the file specified by the `path`. It invocates `converter` function for every found header in a parsed file.

Returned integer signalizes if the function parsed the whole file.

**Arguments:**
- `p` - pointer to a parser that should be used.
- `path` - path to the file, which has to be parsed.

**Result**
- 0 - if the whole file was parsed
- non zero - if an error occurred during the parsing

## See also:
- [`converter function`](#converter-function)
- [Table of contents](README.md)

# `parser_clear` function

```c
void parser_clear(parser_t* p)
```
This function removes all defined headers from the parser. After usage, it is possible to add new headers using `parser_headerAdd`.

The function does not change the maximum number of headers and fields.

**Arguments:**
- `p` - pointer to structure

## See also:
- [`parser_headerAdd`](#parser_headeradd-function)
- [Table of contents](README.md)

# Defines

`MAX_HEADER_LEN` is equal to maximum header length.
`MAX_FIELD_LEN` is equal to maximum field name length.
`MAX_VALUE_LEN` is equal to maximum field value length.

> # Converter function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Converter Handler
```

```c
int converter(hmap_t* hmap)
```

This is a function that has to be defined by the user to add a definition of a new header.

> The function has to get as an argument hash map `hmap` and return an integer.

Reviewer: There is a function prototype so this description is not needed.
```suggestion

```

Hash map `hmap` contains names of fields from files as keys and values of these fields as map values. These values are strings the same as those from a parsing file.

Important is that `converter` have to copy values `hamp` because these string will be deallocated after parsing completion.

In case of an error during execution function should return a non-zero value. This stops parsing.

In case of successful execution, the converter should return zero.

## Example:

Assume that we want to define a new header, which in a file has such a syntax:

```
@NEW_HEADER
    int_field = 3
    float_field = 2.5
```

We want to parse such a header to this structure:

```c
typedef struct {
    int intValue;
    float floatValue;
} example_t;

```

Then a good converter can look like this:

```c
/* Global variable */
static example_t result;

void* converter(hamp_t* hmap) {

>     char *intValue, floatValue; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    char *intValue, *floatValue; 
```

    
    if (hmap->size > 2) {
        return -1;
    }

    intValue = hmap_get(hmap, "int_field");
    floatValue = hmap_get(hmap, "float_field");

    if (intValue == NULL || floatValue == NULL) {
        return -1;
    }

    result.intValue = atoi(intValue);
    result.floatValue = atof(floatValue)

> 	return 0;

Reviewer: indentation

}
```

## See also:

- ['parser_headerAdd](#parser_headeradd-function)
- [`parser_parse`](#parser_parse-function)
- [File syntax](file.md)
- [Table of contents](README.md)

> 

Reviewer: TO be fixed
